HTTP/2 brings a lot of changes.
But how do we transition from HTTP/1 to this amazing HTTP/2 world?
What do we have to do to cater to all the units out there in the best possible manner?
With head-of-line blocking gone in HTTP/2,
and the new header compression requests are now cheap.
So things like concatenating your JavaScript or CSS are not necessary anymore,
and it can actually make things worse.
Think about updating a cached file.
If you fix a typo in a JavaScript file,
like a missing curly brace,
you would force your users to redownload the entire concatenated blob of JavaScript,
instead of just the fragment that actually changed.
If each JavaScript file was separate,
you would only invalidate the cache on that single file.
Another advantage is the new header compression
becoming more effective the more requests are sent.
The more requests are sent,
the more headers can be reused.
That means that having multiple connections to
different servers is actually bad for your performance.
That being said, minifying and compressing your JavaScripts,
CSS, and images is still a good idea.
A byte saved is a bytes saved.
And especially in developing countries,
that means saved money.
Additionally, all the advice given for
rendering performance like deferring a JavaScript or
in-lining styles is still valid and so is
investing time in building proper offline support with service worker.
Most importantly, HTTP/2 is backwards compatible.
All servers that speak HTTP/2,
will be able to speak HTTP/1.
A client that can't speak HTTP/2 will just fall back to HTTP/1,
and keep working as before.
And those clients are becoming exceedingly rare.
So don't be scared of working with HTTP/2.
At the time of filming in early 2016,
71 percent of the webs traffic have support for HTTP/2.
So, it is fair to say that you can optimize your web for HTTP/2,
without paying much attention to HTTP/1 anymore,
as this number will only grow.